look at that the heads going right in oh
that's gonna be the best part yeah there
it is that's the head it's sticking out
one little rice on top and there's the
fat it's gonna go right in that's the
final seal full goodness Nancy we're
gonna put a vib yeah yeah I check it out
guys this Trevor James
we're with mr. taster we just got into
Chabahar for Lotus tan in your on and
this is the land of me your they were
going for a full on meat adventure we
gonna have lots of food we're gonna have
Bellucci lamb with lots of spices let's
go check it out today
we're going for a full-on meat tour of
Chava heart Iran's desert filled
mountainous landscape famous for whole
lamb balochi chicken and more so make
sure to watch all the way until the end
because we're going for a whole lamb and
then even more meat for dessert and here
we are in the morning Chava har Bazaar
look at the colors here it's beautiful
and we're going right in here yep deep
into the market and we're gonna try and
find a local breakfast what's this trans
curd oh yeah smells sour and milky and
just look at this guy's we're in the
market look how colorful it is so much
vibrancy here below just and so then
some on Philanthropy and they're just
coming right out veg samosa yeah a
good formative edge samosa wow this is
so cool
it's similar to the food in South Asia
yeah Pakistan India exactly culturally
shadows Oh
[Music]
Pilon they're just messy messy messy
this market is amazing oh yeah
and we're just going into the ma'am area
here we are at the tanuki meat station
look at this we got a mountain of
firewood Wow so we're gonna cook balochi
style cheap here and we are the meat
doctors um you talked about lucky meat
doctors you know we're gonna have a
panel chair it's the whole goat or lamb
and then mix it with pallucci spices is
there a mr. to meet doctors mr. fighter
mr. pizer
yeah he's nice to meet the currency and
then he's two songs helping him the king
of me yeah his work the new chain that's
frost oh a nice rice yeah I look at the
head oh they put the head inside the
head going to the belly into the belly
yeah and they're gonna coat that with
balochi spice spice yeah it all starts
right here we're gonna be taking this
firework to before the school merci and
dropping it in the pit you can write in
the below cheap it right in okay from
there it starts the fire is coming up to
this wood is gonna finish burning it's
gonna die down and then we're gonna
smother it and put the lamb in
[Music]
so he is just slicing into the meat here
to let the sauce sink in there you know
so the sauce can go into the flesh
yeah his daddy's doing it for 25 years
now 25 years and he is doing it for
seven years now real experts here yeah
really
look at the family recipe passed down
you know trabajo is a farm city so
they're normally using goat more than
chips you can tell he's a real expert at
cutting the way the knife glides the way
it just cuts expertly with precision
this is gonna be super unique oh and
here comes the spice mix it's good no
spices that's gonna go right on the goat
look at this voices we're just starting
yes and you can see Varda cutted it yeah
to let the sauce go right into the meat
exactly it's a nose potent its nose
tangy yeah and spicy yeah massage my for
some more deliciousness and it's truly
aromatic the spices we're just rubbing
them in at the so no Chi assalaam with
the Balochi masala yeah and there it is
it's all covered in that marinade oh and
here's the head going right in it and
the eyeballs are gonna be really
delicious that eyeballs I've taken a
liking to lately because they're just
pure fat and it's gonna go right in the
belly look at that and there it is the
beautiful Balochi the noche de noche
that's just gonna marinate for a few
minutes merci
so we finished the marination John sense
the fire is on and we're gonna stuff the
belly now yeah sorry this stuff here
next step was all the stuffing starting
with bell peppers stuffed with rice big
spoonfuls of rice eggs fat covered in
masala even more fat covered in masala
even more rice and then began the
stitching before putting the head inside
look at the heads going right in oh
that's gonna be the best part yeah there
it is that's the head it's sticking out
a little rice on top and there's the fat
it's gonna go right in that's the final
seal oh my goodness there we go
it's inside everything is inside the
head is there look at that guys that's
the Bellucci penuche mantasy and we're
gonna put anything vib yeah and then the
lamb was lowered down before getting
covered in a mesh and placed in a pan
before preparing the all triple og
chicken and here we go
we've got another box of chicken so not
only are we having this VIP goat but
we're gonna get the VIP chicken the VIP
chicken the VIP chicken baby goat and
it's gonna go right in there guys Shelby
get it then the oven is almost ready now
they were dropping a pan in there oh
it's a really hot fire pit and here
comes the VIP chicken and VIP eat go
right in there look at that right in the
pit there it is that's gonna bake for
two hours merci merci thank you merci
we're gonna seal it with this mud it's
gonna go right on top there that's gonna
smother the fire and just let it bake
I'm here this guy's it's almost fully
sealed and it's gonna cook for two and a
half hours Wow merci thank you and now
we're gonna go to see Mary okay
Valentine's it's the famous mountains
from around here the best of the best of
the best
should be good and here we are just
arrived to the most beautiful beach
scene I didn't know this existed here in
Java it's beautiful gorgeous yeah and
we're waiting for the lamb to cook yeah
it takes another two hours
unbelievable scenery here enjoy ah here
we go we're going to the next stop while
we wait for the lamp with Salaam
trabajar so long chauffeur how's this
bhai
oh it's just beaches after beaches here
look at it's very beautiful and we're
making our way to the mountains now look
at this we're in the mountains of Chava
ha
unbelievable isn't it it's so beautiful
we made it to Mars buddy yeah look at
this so unique there's nothing like this
our lamb is cooking I'm you're working
in the we're taking a break on the moon
look at this isn't this Casey and we're
going for the whole lamb now are you
excited
hunky it should be good and here we are
we're just rolling up the mom is waiting
cool really cool thank you and here we
go oh thank you okay let's do it it
makes you hungry when you work for it
it's in the net it's in the wire there
it smells delicious there it is yeah
looking juicy and fatty we got the
chicken and the goat oh look at those oh
there it is you can smell them and it's
looking juicy
[Laughter]
the bone mm-hmm next up is the VIP
masala goat oh look at that
okay and there it is look at that you
can see the rice just bulging out there
on there's a heavy look at that the
heads just coming right out
oh and there's rice on it yeah and there
it is the head it's Imelda masala masala
yeah
and the brain the Beija special masala
we're gonna bring it out we are have a
whole lamb beef here it is look at that
that's the whole and the chicken the
chicken yeah
the VIP chicken and there is the synergy
lamb you can see the the rice yeah
bulging from it not only that we got the
chicken platter yeah and we got this
traditional balochi style wedding and
here we are we got the rice the per
shell saffron rice so we start with the
stomach sauce yeah put it right on here
yeah this is the stomach sauce yeah from
the goat put it here looks good yeah
there it is the head yeah with the leg
piece over the saffron rice with the
stomach sauce exactly
so take take a bit of this meat okay
like this and put it here take it with
the sauce and rice let's try it up
oh wow that is delicious
no look this you can taste the sweet
Barberi and we're gonna get that rice
look at that the belly
not only is there the rice there's a
potato yeah and the stuffed bell pepper
egg egg and kind of split it now you can
smell the stomach juices thank you
there's an egg oh the VIP egg we got the
head we got a leg we got a bell pepper
we got stomach rice there's the head
look at that it's all in there oh
there's the eyes on the ear the head
meat is the prized possession understand
bread always the stomach sausage yeah
thank you
oh and he's just giving me extra meat
with expertise he's just watching open
off the goat the king of the girl and to
finish up for some late-night meat
dessert mister taster is bringing us for
the chicken Saji Balochistan style whole
chicken cooked in a huge circular fire
pit here we are next stop the owner so I
got my restaurant nice to meet you and
here we go this is it the whole chicken
Saji you can order a chicken and they're
gonna hole put it right over the fire
this alam KO v salaam my longfellow
we're gonna go
thank you thank you
we're gonna go into the kitchen we're
seeing this cleaned abomination to do
[Music]
this it's a soggy station yeah
biggest hit of the whole chickens
chicken you'll ever see mom over there
when I'm over here it's a lamb sword you
can see the oil coming out oil and
juices mercy they put a lot of work in
to create all of this and I think every
day like take a bite out yeah the food
is coming from Malaysia really yeah
let's get a fish yeah a chicken a
chicken and a lamb leg the whole land
this is the sad Jeep it boys oh the
first bite the whole lamb leg mmm
gorgeous seasoned so well
mmm salt and I'm don't eat anything and
there's the fish here too yeah look at
the baby
lionfish naturally salted and they've
invited us together help bring these out
let's go out of the barbecue pit and
there it is the chicken is almost all
fully outside now mr. taster and I are
gonna choose one and what I love so much
about this is that you can actually see
the salt crusted on the meat so we got
the chicken we got the fish and then we
got the lamb legs all on this massive
fire pit that is a chicken hut ready to
eat oh and this is the local spice mix
for this ah gee the masala merci
Oh cumin they see it yeah
tasty tastes like cumin and this is ours
right here just covering it in oil looks
good and there it is guys oh the full-on
Saji chicken pit baby like oh and
there's the oil oh but what a meat tour
this is and here comes the Saatchi
chicken look at that knife slap oh and
then here's the secret spice mix the
masala it's all about that secret masala
and the crispy skin
exactly oh here we go oh and there's the
spice mix and there it is the baby
lionfish
there's the lamb measured our oh your
mouth just waters when you watch this
there see
oh oh that's a meat platter and then
there's the masala okay thank you
there it is let's go try these beauties
out with mr. taster and our chicken is
just coming Nancy this is unreal look at
the meat I love the presentation here
we've got this chicken with the crispy
skin we've got the tomato lime there's
some salad pick up a lamb little ribs
and then of course the fish oh and
there's more more chicken it's a meat
tour
Oh hope you miss your taste dude
oh it's all about the Messiah yeah that
masala it's like a tangy spicy masala
with a bit of cumin exactly there's the
lamb it's all about the fatty bit let's
try that lamb oh oh all about the crispy
and the fat mixed together with that
secret masala wash my dear there's a lot
of fat on there yeah that's what makes
it really nice yeah on the skin like
crispy so delicious
yeah that's some of the best meat you'll
ever yeah and there it is look at the
soul oh yeah
oh that meat baby lion fish you want
some lime on there yeah that how you eat
it is yeah
oh yeah mmm
thank you see that's what I hate about
Nora let's get it thank you
[Music]
like this oh gee way thank you thank you
Maisie Maisie thank you wanna give a big
thank you to mr. tastier thank you can
check him out in Instagram mr. got
taster also to this beautiful guest
house dar Baloch in chahbahar wonderful
location and to salaam trabajar as well
for showing us around and to ally persia
tour guide at peach car oval and for
ranging this whole trip check out come
to persia calm if you guys are thinking
of coming to iran a beautiful beautiful
place here thanks a lot guys